== README

CareCloud
=========

CareCloud Assesment Description - Create a Rails Application that imports a CSV file 
into a Model and allows users to create, edit, delete and view their scheduled date/time. 
A user must choose a date/time that is in the future and this can not overlap with another 
persons date/time on the list.


Steps - Started by using Scaffold to create the Model, Controller and Views for Schedule. I 
created a model called schedule with the following date fields (Start_Time:datetime, End_time:datetime,
First_name:string, Last_Name:string, Comments:String. Within this model I created a method called Import which 
referenced a filepath and allows users to import a csv file that will be stored in the model.

I next created a method in the controller called Import that was used to import the file. Within the Controller,
I specifed where a users would be able to create a new action, edit and delete.

Within the views, I created an Index page that lists all of the information from the CSV as well as renders the 
new action form where a user can add their name and check if their time is available. A user can also edit their time 
as well as delete. Within my model, I have validations that check to see if the Start and End times are in the future
as of todays date and current time as well as a step to check the selected date against other dates in the list to avoid
overlap. I did this using two open source gems called validates_timeliness and validates_overlap. I also included the Rspec 
gem since I usually employ test driven development in my applications.

For the front end, I download Twitter Bootstrap.
